---
title:  Essential Studio for Blazor 2019 volume 2 SP1 Release Notes  
description:  Essential Studio for Blazor 2019 volume 2 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

#  Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 22, 2019"  version="v17.2.46" %} 


## Common

### New Features

- Migrated to .NET Core 3.0 Preview8.

### Breaking Changes

- There is a breaking issue in the `@ref` functionality in Blazor with Preview8. As of now, we need to define both `@ref` and `@ref:suppressField` in all components tag-helper and define its type in the code block until it gets resolved. Refer this [GitHub](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/issues/13099) thread for more information.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `243683` - `TextWrap` is now working properly when columns are updated in `databound` event.
- `241947`, `243801` - Grid now occupies the specified height when data source is empty or during the loading time.
- `244103` - Grid is now optimized when opening the menu filter with `ActionEvents`.
- `243210` - Script error has been fixed while changing the empty dataSource to dataSource with adaptor.
- `244296` - Script error has been fixed while performing row deselection in `RowDeselected` event of the Grid.
- `146470` - Grid is now aligned properly(from right to left) when `EnablRtl` is set to true.
- `244196` - Exception has been resolved when using the `GetSelectedRowIndexes` method.
- `146239` - Return type of the `CurrentPage` in `PageSettings` property has been changed to `int`.
- `242011` - Data is now updated properly when performed with command column.
- `243999` - Dynamic query property changes has been provided.
- `243220` - Invalid cast from `System.String` to `System.Collections.Generic.ICollection` has been fixed.
- `146278` - Invalid cast from `System.String` to `System.Guid` has been fixed.
- `244614` - Script error has been fixed while using decimal type values in grid templates.
- `145744` - Dialog template editing is now working properly with `Guid` value as primarykey column.
- `146439` - Localization now working properly in client side.
- `243677`, `146247` - Editing is now working properly in template column when cell edit template is used for edit action.

### New Features

- `239902`- Custom Adaptor support has been provided.
- `146142` - Row Drag and Drop support between Grids has been provided.
- Below public methods are added in the grid:

    * `ClearCellSelection`
    * `ClearGrouping`
	* `ClearRowSelection`
	* `DetailCollapseAll`
	* `DetailExpandAll`
	* `GroupCollapseAll`
	* `GroupExpandAll`
	* `OpenColumnChooser`
	* `SelectCells`
	* `SelectRowsByRange`

## ListBox

### Bug Fixes

- `F146647` - RadioButton Control get destroyed while rendering in listbox using ItemTemplate has been fixed.

## TreeView

### New Features

- Provided the `NodeChecking`, `NodeChecked`, `NodeClicked`, `NodeCollapsing`, `NodeCollapsed`, `NodeExpanding`, `NodeExpanded` and `NodeSelecting` events support for TreeView component.

## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes

- `244296` - RowDeselected event works fine.
- `244611` - Adding a new record with empty datasource works fine in dialog edit mode.
- `243841` - Adding a new record as a child works fine.

## Dialog

### Bug Fixes

- `#244297` - The `OnClose` and `Closed` events will no longer be triggered twice in the Dialog component.
- `F146287` - The position property has changed to string type from object type for specific type approach.

## DropDownList

### New Features

- `#F146638` - Resolved the null exception which throws on change the value as null dynamically in DropDownList component.

## Uploader

### Bug Fixes

- `#F145921`, `#241942`, `#242406`, `238212`, `244239` - Now, you can add a custom header with upload request in the `FileSelected` event of the file `Uploader` component.
- `#I244587` - Issue with empty object returns from `GetFilesData` method has been resolved.

## Maps

### Bug Fixes

- `#F146189` - The issue with dynamic updating of the marker data source has been fixed.

## InPlaceEditor

### New Features

- Generic type support has been provided for the InPlaceEditor control.