---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 14, 2020"  version="v18.1.44" %} 


##  Common

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 268548` - Resolved memory leak issue when the components used ObservableCollection and Templates.
- `## 259381` - Resolved the issue in DOM operation on using await async.
- `## 267839` - Resolved Globalization issue in client side blazor.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F151776`, `## F151772`, `## 268305` - `GetFilteredRecords` method is now returning filtered records properly.
- `## 271547` - Fixed Script error thrown in console when select a row in `DataBound` event.
- `## 269758` - Problem while persisting the Reordering state when column with empty data is bound to grid is fixed.
- `## 272839`, `## F153106` - Drag and Drop throws script error when all the records are removed in second grid is solved.
- `## F152349` - `RecordDoubleClick` event argument value is wrong when grouping aggregate in enabled in grid is resolved.
- `## 269077`, `## 270946` - Sorting is not working properly with `RowSelected` and `RowDeSelected` events is solved.
- `## 267839` - Exception thrown in console while performing Delete operation is fixed.
- `## 267714`, `## F152802` - Problem with cancelling the adding of new record in `OnActionBegin` event is resolved.
- `## 271395` - Misalignment occurs in grid header and content while hide columns using column chooser or column menu with Virtualization is fixed.
- `## 269491` - Exception occur while inserting a record with batchediting with edittemplate and read only properties in Grid is solved.
- `## 272500` - Selected rows are maintained in other pages while using PersistSelection with `DataBound` event is resolved.
- `## 267984` - Script error thrown in console when using `SetCellValue` method is solved.
- `## F151978` - Batch edit on a column with null values throws script error is fixed.
- `## F151869` - GridCommandColumn Title property is not working properly in blazor grid is resolved.
- `## F152974` - Group item count value is getting 0 in Caption template is fixed.

##  Maps

###    New Features

- `## 257540` - MarkerClusterCollection is exposed in the marker click event as an argument to get the markers in the cluster.

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 262308`, `## 267990` - The marker position will be updated properly in the tile map when the panning is performed.
- `## 267990` - The tooltip will be removed now in the tile map when the panning is performed.

##  Schedule

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 271460` - Provided support to get the details of dropped cell through `args.Target`.
- `## 270280` - Issue with preventing drag action over a specific event has been fixed.

##  Pivot Table

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F152021` - Now the component will be refreshed when the data source is dynamically modified.

