---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor 2020 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor 2020 volume 1 SP1 Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 13, 2020"  version="v18.1.52" %} 


##  Common

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 274320`,`## 274400`,`## 274457`,`## 274865`,`## 274916`,`## 274997`,`## 276508`,`## F153564`,`## F153605`,`## F153706`,`## F154070` - Template not rendered in initial load issue has been resolved.

- `## 274966` ,`## 275171`,`## 275580`,`## 275609`- Exception Thrown on Template initial Rendering in Client Side application issue has been resolved.


##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F152802` - Command Column Delete not works when bind `RowSelecting` event is resolved.
- `## F152759` - Problem with selectAll checkbox's state after removing item in datasource(List) with PersistSelection in grid is fixed.
- `## 273439` - Persist selection is not working when selection is enabled manually after grid rendered is solved.
- `## F152802` - Globalization not applied for the Command buttons tooltip is fixed.
- `## 271692`, `## 275241` - OdataV4 Delete operation is not working when primarykey is of interger type is fixed.
- `## 268235`, `## 275368` - Problem with update value in a Grid bind with OnActionBegin when its inside DetailTemplate is resolved.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

`## 272836` - Issue with "request failure template is displayed while returning null data" has been resolved.
`## 266474` - Issue with "filter method is not working on initial filtering" has been resolved.

##  NumericTextBox

###    Bug Fixes

`## F152987` - Issue with "spin button is not removed when dynamically change the `ShowSpinButton` property" has been resolved.

##  Maps

###    Breaking Changes

In-order to reduce the size of the script while downloading, we did the following split-up work on the exporting and print modules.

- Print functionality will only work if the `AllowPrint` property is set to true.
- Export functionality will only work if `AllowImageExport` and `AllowPdfExport` properties are set to true for exporting as images and PDF documents respectively.

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 268494` - The missing event arguments are exposed in `OnMarkerClick` event.
- The Cancel argument in `OnPan` event will now work properly as expected.

##  Schedule

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F153862` - Now, the issue with globalization on initial load has been resolved in Schedule.
- `## 275448` - Now, the Scheduler's bottom resources and events are visible when scroll up and down on enabling virtual mode.
- `## F153216` - Provided support to access the resource details in Date Header Template.