---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 28, 2020"  version="v18.1.46" %} 

##  File Manager

###    Bug Fixes

- The issue with `Unable to localize the error message in the access control actions` has been fixed.

##  Pivot Table

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F153093`, `## F153092` - The toolbar panel of the component is now rendered bound with OLAP report with empty axes.

##  Document Editor

###    Breaking Changes

- Argument type of method `AddCustomMenu` was changed from `Syncfusion.Blazor.Navigations.MenuItem` to `Syncfusion.Blazor.Navigations.MenuItemModel`.

###    New Features

- Added `Height` and `Width` property to define the height and width of DocumentEditorContainer.

##  DatePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 272993` - Issue with "datepicker value is not updated while set Thailand culture" has been resolved. 

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 272812` - Issue with "script error throws while refresh the page on set value template" has been resolved.
- `## F153594` - Issue with "duplicate fixed header maintained after scroll on the popup" has been resolved.

##  AutoComplete

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 274559` - Issue with "AutoComplete last filtered data maintained when click on dropdown icon" has been resolved.
- `## 274085` - Issue with "highlight search data is not updated when clear all searched text in the input" has been resolved.

##  ComboBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 274440`, `## 274431` - Issue with "ComboBox spinner is not hidden when refresh the browser" has been resolved.
- 
##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 269049` - Provided support to change operator of the Excel Filter Search box.
- `## F152981` - Normal column searching is not working with ENUM columns is fixed.
- `## 274082` - Unable to get clicked context menu items directly in event argument of `ContextMenuClickEvent` is fixed.
- `F152062` - Not able to get pager details in PagerTemplate is resolved.
- `## 270144` - Selection not working properly after scrolling is fixed.
- `## 269800` - Script error throws while adding the records in batch editing with aggregates is solved.
- `## 262908` - Problem with filtering Guid values in Grid is resolved.
- `## 269036` - Update is not working properly with ENUM values and ODataV4 Adaptor is fixed.
- `## 273620` - Need to get inserted, edited and deleted record details in `OnActionComplete` event is fixed.
- `## I264134`, `## 263232`, `## 263667` -Provided support to trigger Action Events when perform Show/Hide columns using `ShowColumns/HideColumns` methods.
- `## 262299` - White space appears while scrolling in virtual scroll is fixed.
- `## 271849` - Issue in filtering operation while using multiple ForeignKeyColumns with same DataSource is solved.

##  Circular Gauge

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 269652` - The annotation template will now render properly while refreshing the page.

##  Schedule

###    Bug Fixes

- `I273730` - Now the Scheduler shows all data while enabling the virtual scroll and IgnoreWhiteSpace.
