---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 28, 2020"  version="v18.2.47" %} 

##  Document Editor

###    Breaking Changes

Event args type of `OnToolbarClick` was changed from `Syncfusion.Blazor.Navigations.ClickEventArgs` to `Syncfusion.Blazor.DocumentEditor.ClickEventArgs`.

## ##  Bug fixes

`## 284837` - Custom tool bar item click event issue in DocumentEditorContainer is resolved.

##  ListBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 279155` - Data source property binding not working after updated the `ShowCheckbox` property issue resolved.

- `## 276880` - The `GetDataList` method returning wrong data source after performing drag and drop operation issue resolved.

- `## 279917`, `## 285983` - Fixed the issues in drag / drop and dual listbox operations after the data source is updated dynamically.

##  File Manager

###    Bug Fixes

- Resolved the issue with the incorrect delete confirmation dialog heading and content of the File Manager component.

##  Dialog

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 286467` - The issue with "Script error occurs with the SfDialog Hide method" has been resolved.

##  RichTextEditor

###    Bug Fixes

- The issue with "Can't set font style after inserting a table" has been resolved.
- `## 285696` - The issue with "The GetText method does not return the newline tags from the Rich Text Editor content" has been resolved.

##  Gantt Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 283498` - Included missing translation for blazor Gantt Component.

##  NumericTextBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 286679` - Issue with " The `NumericTextBox` value is not updated in web assembly application when it's run in release mode " has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 284480` - Script error when having `ulong?` type for a property in Grid model is solved.
- `## 284700` - Cancel, save using Args.Cancel in OnActionBegin and Click cancel button updates the edited value is resolved.
- `## 285358` - List DataType values are not available in args.Data of ActionBegin is fixed.
- `## F156317` - Exception when calling `GetFilteredRecords` method is solved.
- `## 284106` - Async Foreignkey Data not binded to grid on initial rendering is fixed.
- `## 285398` - Custom component in FilterTemplate is deleted after hide column using ColumnChooser is resolved.
- `## 285390`, `## 286654` - Exception occur when defining the `RowHeight` property to VirtualizedGrid with responsive is solved.
- `## 285491`, `## F156155` ,`## F156290` - Exception occur in grid like `Cannot set property 'blazor__instance' of null` is solved.
- `## 282294` - Spinner will not be hidden in client-side blazor Grid while performing row drag and drop with `OnActionBegin` event is fixed.
- `## 284405` - Provided support to customize the Default Edit dialog in Grid with some more dialog properties.
- `## 285426`, `## F156335` - Exception throws while collapsing the expanded row is fixed.
- `## 285000`, `## 286027` - Excel Filtering is not working with ColumnMenu feature in Grid is fixed.

## ##  New Feature

- `## F155497` - Provied support to add attribute to checkbox column.

##  Tree Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 277110`, `## 284219` - Provided support to maintain expand collapse state while updating the datasource or performing any actions such as paging, filtering, etc.

##  Kanban

###    New Features

- `## 273938, ## 275565` - Arrange the cards in ascending or descending order based on the `Syncfusion.Blazor.Kanban.KanbanSortSettings~SortBy` property.

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F155726` - The issue with "`Syncfusion.Blazor.Kanban.KanbanEvents~DragStop` argument's data does not updated dynamically" has been resolved.
