---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="September 15, 2020"  version="v18.2.58" %} 


##  Tree Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 157562` - Filtering with custom adaptor works fine.
- `## 291988` - Toolbar items enabled properly when records in treegrid are selected for multiple times.

##  Tooltip

###    Bug Fixes

- The issue with "Unable to cancel the tooltip OnOpen event for the second time" has been resolved.

##  Dialog

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 291827` -The issue with "Script error is thrown when rendering the RichTextEditor with resize inside the Dialog component" has been resolved.

##  Splitter

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 288298` - The issue with "PaneSettings Min API value is not applied when resizing the window" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 289075`, `## F156901`, `## 292820` - Changing page size using pager dropdown `All` value does not work for other locale is fixed.
- `## 290002` - Exception occur in Grid with Pager while using Persian resource file is resolved.
- `## 292023` - Spinner shown continuously in Grid after changing the PageSize value in PagerDropDown wasm application is solved.
- `## 290143` - Need to get Reordered Column detail in Action Event arguments is fixed.
- `## 286485` - Problem with Dialog editing in a VirtualScroll Grid is resolved.
- `## 290878` - Regex Validation (DataAnnotation) is not working properly in Grid is solved.
- `## 288612` - Problem with fetching TimeSpan type value while Editing is resolved.
- `## 290083` - Exception throws when Grid foreignkey datasource model class contains SerializableType property is fixed.
- `## 284406`, `## F157538` - Problem with exporting when having a DateTimeOffset in Grid is resolved.
- `## 289982` - ExportProperties ignore Custom DataSource when using CustomAdaptor type for Grid is solved.
- `## 289851`, `## 290367` - Exception occur during exporting when defining GridColumn's width property in pixel is fixed.
- `## 288381`, `## 292673`, `## 293263` - Grid toolbar is  not rendered when the WebApi returns no records  is resolved.
- `## F156894`, `## 291544` - Filterbar not rendered when stacked header is rendered is fixed.
- `## 289049` - Misalignment in Footer aggregate when set Visible for the column specified in GridGroupSettings.Columns is fixed.
- `## F156750` - Fozen rows and columns does not render properly while using remote data is resolved.
- `## 282568` - Exception thrown while saving more than 4 or 5 records in ODataV4Adaptor adaptor with Batch editing is resolved.
- `## 287052` - Script error on showing validation message of last record when Grid total rowheight is less than Grid Height is solved.

## ##  Feature

- `## 286493`, `288514`, `## F157571` - Provided support for showing custom validation error message using data annotation.