---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 21, 2020"  version="v18.2.46" %} 

##  Menu

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 277718` - Sub menu doesn't close while using `ItemSelected` event issue resolved.

##  ListBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 280413` - EnableItems and SelectItems method not working while passing the first(items) parameter as data source issue resolved.

- `## 273595` - After updating the data source dynamically, the drag and drop functionality not working issue resolved.

##  Dialog
 
###    Bug Fixes

- `## 285484` - The issue with "Script error occurs with SfDialog destroy, when SfGrid is rendered as content" has been resolved.

##  TextBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F156056` - Issue with "previous value is not return properly in the input event argument" has been resolved.
- `## 284839` - Issue with "textbox border alignment and error class is added while auto-filling the value using last-pass" has been resolved.

##  NumericTextBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F155916` - Issue with "console error is occurred while typing the large number of digits in NumericTextBox" has been resolved.

##  DatePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F156020` - Issue with "console error is occurred when disabled the `AllowEdit` on initial loading" has been resolved.

##  In-place Editor
 
###    Bug Fixes

- `F155880` - The issue with "Disable the showClearButton for the DateModel doesn't work" has been resolved.
- `F155914` - The issue with "When clearing the numeric value, default value is not set properly when Inplace-editor placed inside table" has been resolved.

###    Breaking Changes

Following model classes are moved into `Syncfusion.Blazor.InplaceEditor` namespace.

- `AutoCompleteModel<T>`
- `ComboBoxModel<T>`
- `ButtonModel`
- `ColorPickerModel`
- `DatePickerModel`
- `DateRangePickerModel`
- `DateTimePickerModel<T>`
- `DropDownListModel<T>`
- `FieldSettingsModel`
- `MaskedTextBoxModel`
- `MultiSelectModel<T>`
- `NumericTextBoxModel<T>`
- `SliderModel<T>`
- `TextBoxModel`
- `TimePickerModel<T>`

##  RichTextEditor
 
###    Bug Fixes

- `F155644` - The issue with "The Editor and placeholder text overlapping for half a second while initial typing in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

- `F155644` - The issue with "The Editor and placeholder font sizes are not same in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

##  Splitter
 
###    Bug Fixes

- `## 284109` - The issue with "The Splitter panes flickering when the pane `Collapsed` API was set as true" has been resolved.

- `F155998` - The issue with "the `collapse` public method is not working properly" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 285375` - ContextMenu is not rendered in Blazor Grid is fixed.
- `## 284070` - On expanding detail template, aria-expanded attribute state is not updated properly in table row element is resolved.
- `## 284880` - DeleteRecord method does not remove records when rows are not selected is solved.
- `## F155903` - `OnRecordClick` event is not triggering while clicking the GridCommandbuttons is solved.
- `## F155981`, `## 285325`,`## F156103`, `## 285924` - EditTemplate ignored when using dialog edit mode in Grid is resolved.
- `## 285411`, `## F156103` - Columns with visible property as false are shown in Dialog Editing is fixed.
- `## 285272` - Issue with batch editing while adding the record using `AllowNextRowEdit` property is fixed.
- `## 285358` - List DataType values are not available in args.Data of `ActionBegin` event is fixed.
- `## F155842` - Printing is not working with Remote Data in Grid is resolved.
- `## 281296`, `## 285480` - Error thrown when opening exported excel file is solved,
- `## F155943`, `## 285315`, `## 285288`, `## 285304`, `## 284917`, `## 285599` - Exception occur while exporting Grid without ColumnWidth and ODataV4Adaptor is fixed.
- `## 284635`, `## 284763` - Problem with opening contextmenu when target is not specified is fixed.
- `## 284763`, `## 285004` - Custom items not shown properly when use default exporting items in Grid is resolved.
- `## F155987` - Menu filter is not working properly with authorization header and URL adaptor is solved.
- `## 285320` - Null Exception on changing query from null is resolved.
- `## 285159`, `## 284541`, `## 285443`, `## 285447` - Data is not bound to Grid while binding the it asynchronously using OnInitializedAsync is fixed.

##  Checkbox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 285902` - Issue with "childContent" has been resolved.
- `F156074` - Issue with null state in or initial rendering when EnableTriState is true has been resolved.

##  Switch

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 284266` - Issue with "OnFieldChangedCallBack creates endless loop with editcontext" has been resolved.

##  Radio Button

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 275675` - Issue with "Validation on the initial rendering" has been resolved.
