---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 25, 2020"  version="v18.2.55" %} 

##  TreeGrid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F157011` - Adding columns dynamically works fine.
- `## F156713` - Default value for add record can be set using OnActionBegin event arguments.

##  Toolbar

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F156290`, `## 289291`, `## F156720` - Issue with "Console Error occurs on switching between Toolbar loaded pages rapidly" has been resolved.

##  Tabs

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 287359` - Issue with "Prevent the swipe action when disabled the tab items" has been resolved.
- `## 289241`, `## 287788`, `## 290069`, `## 290523`, `## 284871` - Issue with "horizontal scrollbar appears with Tab component" has been resolved.

##  RichTextEditor

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 282680` - The issue with "The `FileData` and `Cancel` argument in the `OnImageUploading` event is not working properly when pasting the image in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

##  Kanban

## ##  New Feature

- `## F156238` - Provided support on show add button in the Kanban columns when enabling the `Syncfusion.Blazor.Kanban.KanbanColumn~ShowAddButton` property.

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 289639` - The issue with "Cards are not visible when dynamically changing the `Syncfusion.Blazor.Kanban.KanbanSwimlaneSettings~KeyField` property" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 287978`, `## 289855` - Template column is included in excel exported file when exporting from Grid is fixed.
- `## 287015` - Grid renders empty when set HideAtMedia in stacked header GridColumn is solved.
- `## 287010`, `## 290278` - ColumnChooser dialog closed when click checkbox in WASM Application is resolved.
- `## 287806` - ColumnMenu dialog misplaced when having two Grids in same page is fixed.
- `## 287356` - CustomFilter is not working in Excel Filter Dialog is resolved.
- `## 288078`, `## 287717`, `## F156874` - Exception throws on clicking Checkbox filter icon when datetime col has null values is solved.
- `## 286780`, `## F156662`,`## 290038`, `## 290283` - Filtering operation does not work when rendering the Grid within dialog is solved.
- `## 286441` - date column filtering is not working when using DateTimeOffset is fixed.
- `## F156450` - Grid Filterbar cell tooltip is displayed based on Field value instead of HeaderText is resolved.
- Cancel confirmation Dialog buttons are submitting the form is fixed.
- `## 278942` - Not able to save the values in Grid while using EditTemplate and BatchEditing is resolved.
- `## 288638` - Exception occur while rendering the Grid dynamically is fixed.
- `## 287592`, `## 289136`, `## 289885`, `## 290031` - PageSizes dropdown does not work if two or more Grid's on same the page is resolved.
- `## 284708`, `## 286573` - Complex object values are not available in args.Data of `OnActionBegin` is fixed.
- `## F156492` - DropdownList for ForeignKeyColumn not shown in Add form in an Empty Grid is solved.
- `## 287639` - Html Tags are Visible in ColumnChooser Checkbox List is fixed.
- PagerDropdown is not updated when changing the pagesize programatically is resolved.
- `## 287046` - Not able to tab through next column from boolean columns displayed as Checkbox is solved.
- `## F156157` - validation messages does not shown while edit using command column is resolved.
- `## 286797` - GetSelectedRecords throws Cast Exception when Selection is made using SelectAll CheckBox with Grouping in Grid is fixed.
- `## 285376` - Problem with row drag and drop in Client application is solved.
- `## 290225` - Exception throws while defining toolbar using ToolbarItem class model is resolved.

## ##  Features

- `## 286237` - Provided editing support in grid when `UseLazyLoadingProxies` is enabled.
- `## F155871` - Need to get new record object using `ActionBegin` event is solved. For usage refer [here](https://blazor.syncfusion.com/documentation/datagrid/editing/## provide-new-item-or-edited-item-using-events).

##  Gantt Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- Issue on bottom tier format in zh culture has been fixed.

##  Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 287252` - Tooltip and crosshair is not visible when trendlines are enabled issue has been fixed.

##  Stock Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F156464` - StockEvents not working properly for seconds issue got fixed.

