---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 14, 2020"  version="v18.2.45" %} 

##  In-place Editor
 
###    Bug Fixes
 
- `## F154491` - The issue with "`OnActionBegin` event triggers only during the second time, when configuring validation with Date mode in the In-place Editor" has been resolved.
- `## 284162` - AutoComplete, ComboBox model with dataSource binding not working issue in In-place Editor has been resolved.

##  DatePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 281341` - Issue with "block out dates is not maintained in the popup after value selection in the calendar" has been resolved.
- `## 284164`, `## 284303`, `## 284175` - Issue with "console error throws while setting `FirstDayOfWeek` in component" has been resolved.
- `## F154476`, `## F154595`, `## 283044` - Now, provided state persistence support in the DatePicker component.

##  TimePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 281262` - Issue with "time picker input is editable when set false value to the `AllowEdit` property" has been resolved.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 282892` - Issue with "dynamic value is not updated to input element when use value template" has been resolved.
- `## F154476`, `## F154595`, `## 283044` - Now, provided state persistence support in the DropDownList component.

##  TextBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F154476`, `## F154595`, `## 283044` - Now, provided state persistence support in the TextBox component. 

##  NumericTextBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 284365` - Issue with "group separator is not accepted when set German culture to the numeric textbox" has been resolved.
- `## F154476`, `## F154595`, `## 283044` - Now, provided state persistence support in the NumericTextBox component.

##  RichTextEditor
 
###    Bug Fixes

- `## 282680` - The issue with "ImageUploading event arguments in RichTextEditor doesn't return the uploading image filesData" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 275957` - Problem with clearing the searched value in WebApiAdaptor is fixed.
- `## 284647` - Exception occurs when we create a grid inside dialog template with contextmenu enabled is resolved.
- `## 284708` - DropDownList is not rendered for foreignkey column when first value is null is solved.
- `## 284510` - Editing works in command column even when specify allowEditing as false is resolved.
- `## 284158`, `## 284510`,`## 284480`,`## 284721` - Exception occur while editing the record with GridCommandColumns at first position is solved.
- `## 284688` - Included Uid Parameter in the GridColumn.
- `## F155983` - Exception occur while rendering the Grid with AutoFit and Aggregates is fixed.
- `## 284333`, `## F155801`- Exception is thrown while defining AutoFit for GridCommandColumn is solved.
- `## 284292` - Header background color does not set while set using CustomAttributes is resolved.
- `## F155838`, `## 284259` - Exception throws while opening Excel filter in ClientSide application is fixed.
- `## 284445` - Problem with dynamically updating the Visible property value is fixed.
- `## F155903`, `## 283472` - `GetRowIndexByPrimaryKey` return incorrect result is resolved.

##  Tooltip

###    New Features

- `## 280868` - Provided `RefreshPosition` public method to refresh the tooltip element position dynamically.

##  Scheduler

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 155722` - The arguments within `OnActionFailure` event is getting properly.
- `## 155684` - The issue with default value of the fields are not showing in the editor window has been resolved.
- `## 281802` - The whitespace between appointment and work cell has been removed when `EnableMaxHeight` is set to true.

##  Tabs

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 284115` - Exception occurs when adding tab dynamically with header as `RenderFragment` has been resolved.
- `## 154606` - The issue with tabs in popup mode placed inside splitter has been resolved.