---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="September 1, 2020"  version="v18.2.56" %} 


##  Common

###    Bug Fixes

`## F157306`- Resolved TreeView DataSource returning null value Issue in Blazor WebAssembly Project.

##  File Manager

###    Bug Fixes

- Resolved the incorrect delete confirmation dialog content for file in details view of the File Manager component.

##  Tabs

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 287413` - Issue with "Created event is not triggered at the initial loading" has been resolved.
- Issue with "SfTab does not content load initially when inside a SfDialog" has been resolved.
- `## 290104` - Issue with "The tab item is closed automatically when press delete key in grid tab item search box" has been resolved.
- `## 285719` - Issue with "Tab item header styles are overridden at initial loading" has been resolved.

##  Tooltip

###    New Features

- Provided an option to find whether the tooltip contains the text or not.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F156718` - Exception occurs when opening the Filter Menu dialog second time after filtering ForeignKeyColumn is fixed.
- `## F156920` - Filtering Second ForeignKey column throws exception is resolved.
- `## F157331` - RowData gets deleted when deleting the text in search textbox is fixed.
- `## 290718`, `## 286834` - ClearSorting method throws ArgumentNullException when grid has no sorted columns is resolved.
- `## F156901` - Label in Dialog Editing for Complex checkbox column is not proper is fixed.
- `## F156925`, `## 286461`, `## 286309`, `## 284452`, `## 286397`, `## F156392`, `## 291255` - While editing a foreign key column, editor is not displayed is resolved.
- `## 286888` - Localization is not applied to Grid Search toolbar items is fixed.

## ##  Feature

- `## 276104` - Blank values are not filtered properly using Excel Filtering in Blazor Grid is solved.

##  Splitter

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 290726` - The issue with “The `Collapse` public method is not working as expected in the splitter" has been resolved.

##  RichTextEditor

###    Bug Fixes

`## F157050` - The issue with "The Rich Text Editor value changes are not maintained in source code view after focusing out on the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

`## 287529` - The issue with "Unable to insert a video using `insertHTML` execute command in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

##  Pivot Table

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 289442` - Issue in report manipulation with date type fields has been fixed.

###    New Features

- `## F155279` - Provision provided to restrict the drill-through dialog to display.
