---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 13, 2020"  version="v18.3.40" %} 


##  Common

###    Breaking Changes

The Syncfusion Blazor interop scripts are now loaded internally using JavaScript Isolation. The `DisableScriptManager` argument in `AddSyncfusionBlazor` no longer needed for production environment and it is deprecated now.

|File Names|Before|Now|
|-------|-------|-------|
|Blazor Server: `~/Startup.cs` <br> Blazor WebAssembly: `~/Program.cs`|`services.AddSyncfusionBlazor(true);`|// DisableScriptManager argument is deprecated <br> `services.AddSyncfusionBlazor();`|
|Blazor Server: `~/Pages/_Host.cshtml` <br> Blazor WebAssembly: `~/wwwroot/index.html`|`<head>`<br>`...`<br>`<script src="_content/Syncfusion.Blazor/scripts/syncfusion-blazor.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>`<br>`</head>`|// The manual script or CDN script reference not required.<br>`<head>`<br>`...`<br>`</head>`|

##  Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 273413` - EnableAutoIntervalOnBothAxis API added in chart

##  DropDownButton

###    Bug Fixes

- `F156884` - Popup position not refreshed while scrolling the page issue resolved.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 296991` - Issue with "console error throws while binding empty string in the data source with incremental search" has been resolved.

##  MultiSelect

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 296001` - Issue with "empty popup is opened when select the custom value in the popup" has been resolved.
- `## 296500` - Issue with "pre-selected value is not updated while binding the invalid value" has been resoled.
- `## 291884` - Issue with "clear icon overlaps the selected value" has been resolved.

##  DateTimePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F158494`, `## 296950` - Issue with "the value is not updated while setting the default value of the date time" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 294174` - Misalignment occurs between GridColumns and GroupFooterTemplate while enabling `AllowRowDragAndDrop` is fixed.
- `## 290249` - `GetSelectedRowIndexes` method not updated properly when Header Checked box is clicked is resolved.
- `## F157729` - Editing not closed on clicking empty space in grid is solved.
- `## 291706` - GetRowIndexByPrimarykey is not working with Grouped records is resolved.
- `## 293786` - `OnRecordClick` event is not triggering while clicking the DetailTemplate icon is fixed.
- `## F158184` - FilterTemplate Context value returns same type for different columns of different datatype is solved.
- `## 293812` - Issue with Disabled property in CommandColumn button options is resolved.
- `## F158344` - Exception occur when defining the RegexPattern Validation for numeric columns is fixed.
- `## 288641` - Null values are considered while filtering the Complex column is fixed.
- `## 292235` - Problem with search when having null values in multilevel complex field column in Grid is resolved.
- `## 292939` - Localization not applied for Blanks in checkbox filtering is resolved.

##  Scheduler

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 296021`, `## 296980`,`## 297124`, `## 297154`,`## 158521`, `## 158521` - Timeline appointments are now rendered in proper position when using cultures other then English.
- `## 158395` - The exception when `Id` field is not mapped for scheduler appointment datasource has been handled.
- `## 296583` - The issue with multiple custom class added when datasource of the scheduler changed dynamically has been resolved.

##  Accordion

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 296113` - The issue with `aria-selected` attributes setting false for all accordion items has been resolved.

##  Toolbar

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 294969` - The issue with rendering custom toolbar within Grid control has been resolved.

##  ListBox

###    New Features

- `## 296262` - Added `NoRecordsTemplate` property in `ListBoxTemplates` component to display custom content while the data is empty.

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 296733` - Drag and drop not working in single ListBox issue resolved.
- `## 296288`, `## 296737`, `F158495`, `F158428` - Item template not working issue resolved.

##  Sidebar

###    Bug Fixes

- `F157505` - The issue with "the close event is triggered when the Sidebar is in closed state" has been resolved.

##  TreeView

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 296328` - The issue with "Exception occurs in the TreeView when using the UncheckAll method" has been resolved.

- `## 295990` - Resolved the script error when rendering the TreeView without the `ParentId` attribute.

- `## 295449` - The issue with "The TreeView Expand icon is not properly displayed in the UI" has been fixed. 

