---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 1, 2020"  version="v18.3.52" %} 


##  Scheduler

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 304273` - Exception occurs when DataSource is empty and Id type is string has been fixed.
- `## 303913` - `MouseEventsArgs` has been accessed in `CellClickEventArgs` and `EventClickArgs<T>`.
- `F156112` - Issue with Appointments not re-rendering properly has been fixed.
- `## 304751` - An issue with the `CellTemplate`, other month dates and appointment position in the Timeline Year view has been fixed.

##  Dialog

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 301324` - The issue with "SfDialog resizing is not working properly, if the SfPDFViewer component is nested" has been resolved

- `## 304192` - The issue with "The `CloseOnEscape` property does not work when disabling the input element of the dialog content" has been resolved.

##  DatePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 304478` - Issue with "placeholder text overlaps the selected value on the input element" has been resolved.

##  ComboBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F159902` - Issue with "component `ValueChange` event is fired twice while enabling the virtualization" has been resolved.

##  Rich Text Editor

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 302020` - The issue with "Source code getting cleared while switching to the source code view when the value is very small in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F158741` - Child grid contextmenu items override by parent items when rendering child grid within tab is resolved.
- `## 298716` - Exception thrown during excel export a Grid with hidden template column is solved.
- `## F158966` - Cell is edited with column allowediting as false when using Autofill is fixed.
- `## 290075`, `## 298515`, `## 299877`, `## F159561` - When enable virtual scrolling exporting file have only the current view data is fixed.
- `## F158602` - Editing for Expando object not working when grid has Foreignkeycolumn is resolved.
- `## 300965` - Popup not closed when using comboBox in DialogTemplate is solved.
- `## 301979` - Problem with selection when bind dynamic Observable data to empty Grid having `RowSelected`/`RowDeselected` events is resolved.
- `## 296684` - Add/Delete not works when bind Array value as DataSource for Grid is fixed.
- `## 295464` - GridAggregate (FooterTemplate) is misplaced in Grid when FrozenColumns with some columns visible as false is solved.

###    New Features

- `## I263948`, `## 268413`, `## 268513`, `F152487`, `F155545`, `F156997` - Provided support for search operations in ODataV4 adaptor using $filter request.
