---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 8, 2020"  version="v18.3.53" %} 


##  ListView

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 302538` - The issue with "The space key is not accepted in input text while using inside of Listview Template" has been fixed.

##  Scheduler

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 305762` - Issue when clicking Add sign in mobile mode has been fixed.
- `## 305672` - Issue with dynamic removing of resources in agenda view is resolved.

##  Tab

###    Bug Fixes

- Tab items conditional rendering issue resolved.

##  Tree Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 304162` -  Child records are obtained correctly in the template context variable for Hierarchy data binding.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 297041` - Exception throws while performing Grouping action with paging when using service is resolved.
- `## F158733`, `## F157454` - Problem with selecting value for filtering from Dropdown in FilterTemplate Menu filter is fixed.
- `## 289066`, `## F157783`, `## 303676` - MultiSorting and MultiSelection is not working in Mac OS is solved.
- `## 301247` - Exception is thrown while pressing the Esc key in edit mode is resolved.
- `## 289317` - Grouping not working in large data is fixed.
- `## F159193`,`## 302214`,`## 302231`, `## F160016` - Exception thrown in console while double clicking the row to edit in both batch and inline editing is resolved.
- `## 305134` - Exception occur when opening Excel filter for ForeignKey Column is fixed.
- `## 304931` - MinWidth is not set when width is not present in GridColumn is resolved.
