---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 12, 2021"  version="v18.4.34" %} 


##  Tree Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F160964` - Multiple row selection works fine for remote data binding when paging is disabled.
- `## 306880` - Improved performance of Tree Grid while using single root data type with `Virtualization`.

##  Pivot Table

###    New Features

- `## F157045` - Provided data label support in pivot chart markers.

##  DatePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F161216` - Issue with "native input event is not fired while typing the date value" has been resolved.

##  DateRangePicker 

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 308629` - Issue with "range hover class is added additionally while selecting the same date as start and end" has been resolved.
- `## 308947` - Issue with "date selection is not removed from popup while resetting the date value on the external button click" has been resolved.

##  Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F160881` - Dynamic data change is not working in pie chart issue resolved.
- `## 309099`, `## 309477` - Sfchart throws cannot read property getboundingclientrect exception has been resolved.
- `## F160879`, `## F161155` - Onexportcomplete event dataurl argument returns empty string issue has been resolved.
- `## 292841`, `## 309568` - Pie chart tooltip is not visible issue has been resolved.
- `## F161001`, `## F160999` - Legend click is not proper and console error after title and series update is resolved.
- `## F161183`, `## F161214` - Charts disappear on resize in the blazor clientside  is resolved.
- `## 308733`, `## 309261` - In blazor webassembly, console error is thrown while refreshing the chart is resolved.
- `## 288987` - On adding random data multiple times console error is thrown has been resolved.
 
##  Diagram

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 301654` - This issue "Diagram created event gets triggered before diagram has been created " has been fixed.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 291421`, `## 306717` - DetailTemplate is not rendered properly with `RowHeight` property to Parent grid is resolved.
- `## 306073` - EmptyRecordTemplate does not work while enabling Virtualization is fixed.
- `## 306891` - Grouped value is not displayed in exported file when CaptionTemplate is used is fixed.
- `## 305759`, `## 308108` - Not able to customize the default dropdown editor for ForeignKey column using EditorSettings is solved.
- `## F160413` - Pager is not persisted when GridPageSettings is defined explicitly in Grid is resolved.
- `## F159799` - String Column Filtering is not working properly in `ODataAdaptor/ODataV4Adaptor` with EnablePersistance is solved.

###    New Features

- `## F159864` - Provided option to differentiate the clicked target(header/content cell) in `ContextMenuOpenEventArgs`.

##  CheckBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `F160522` - EditContext not updated issue resolved.

##  Menu

###    Bug Fixes

- `F160197` - Exception occurs while hovering the menu item issue resolved

##  FileManager

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 309315`, `## F161138` - Provided option to pass additional parameter using the `CustomData` argument of  `OnSend` event of FileManager component.

- `## F21127` - Issue with obtaining the data value in the Upload request has been resolved.