---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="February 23, 2021"  version="v18.4.44" %} 


##  Dialog

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 311809` - The issue with "Changing the IsModal property appends the Dialog content to the DOM" is resolved.

##  Pivot Table

- The values will not be shown in the Pivot Table, and this break is a known issue in this version. This will be resolved in the next patch release.

##  Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 314658` - Accumulation chart background doesn't allow for var(color) value has been resolved.
- `## 314540` - Axis line color is not applied for polar axis has been resolved.
- `## F162122` - Accumulation data label does not render on grouping issue has been resolved.
- `## 313237`, `## 315946` - Bar chart does not render on initial load on IE11 has been resolved.
- `## 309477` - Chart enableAutoIntervalOnBothAxis is not working properly has been resolved.
- `## 313131` - Console error thrown while destroying accumulation chart has been resolved.
- `## 309401`, `## 313407` - Resizing dashboard panel with chart is not working properly while using animation has been resolved.
- `## 312667` - Console error while changing chart series type dynamically has been resolved.
- `## 311478` - Console error while displaying datetime as string value in tooltip has been resolved.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 313222` - Issue with "exception throws in the Blazor WASM application while pressing any key on the dropdown" has been resolved.

##  MultiSelect

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 315926` - Issue with "`IsInteracted` argument is not updated properly in the `ValueChange` event" has been resolved.

- Issue with "`Text` property is not working while providing multiple values to the component" has been resolved.

##  NumericTextBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 315654` - Issue with "input selection is not maintained while pressing the tab key" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 305759` - Provided FilterType support for dropdown edit params in Grid.
- `## 311024` - Text inside the Column chooser is not properly wrapped issue has been resolved.
- `## 310021` - Exception throws while binding Dynamic object as a class property issue resolved.
- `F161338` - Grid Query does not exist the QueryString when filtering a entering a value in menu filter issue resolved.
- `F161871`, `F162724` - Duplicate sort query is generated when opening a excel filter for sorted column issue has been resolved.
- `## 311539` - Colspan not updated properly in ChildGrid when AllowRowDragAndDrop enabled in ParentGrid issue fixed.
- `## 314576` - Exception in Grid toolbar on converting currentviewdata to list issue resolved.
- `F162025` - Provided a public property to check whether the grid is in edit state or not.
- `## 310848` - Grid Height is resizing when enabling ShowColumnChooser in grid is fixed.

##  Menu

- `## 312350` - Selected state removed while hovering on other menu item issue resolved.
- `## 312673` - Focused state not removed on document hover issue resolved.

##  TreeView

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 307591`, `## 310693` - Now, the drag and drop will work between the two same type TreeView components.
- The issue with "The TreeView UI is not updated while changing the datasource dynamically and enabling AllowDragAndDrop" has been resolved.

##  Schedule

###    Bug Fixes

- `F162182` - An issue with the "Scheduler's height is not expanding when window resize" has been fixed.

##  Tab

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 309628` - An issue with the "Tab item has selected unwantedly in Firefox" has been fixed.
- `## 314607` - An issue with the "Tab items rendering using conditional rendering" has been fixed.
- `## 314438` - An issue with the "selection in nested tab from the overflowed section does not appear after a page refresh" has been fixed.

##  Accordion

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 314188` - An issue with the "EnablePersitence is not working properly" has been fixed.
