---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="May 25, 2021"  version="v19.1.65" %} 



##  Sidebar

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 165661` - The Sidebar does not open when the Sidebar `Type` property is not set as `Auto`  and the `IsOpen` value is set to `true`.

##  Kanban

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I325215` - The issue with "CRUD operation values are not maintained properly using the `ODataV4Adaptor` when navigating to another page" has been resolved.

##  Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 325994` - Tooltip header is now rendered properly when string is provided within the "<" and ">" symbol.
- `## 326735` - Legend paging is now rendered properly within the legend layout.
- `## 326735` - Scatter chart is now rendered within the chart area.
- `## 326314` - Chart zooming is now working properly with segments.
- `## 327733` - Accumulation Chart is now rendered properly when updating datasource dynamically.
- `## 327821` - Object reference not set to an instance of the object exception when datasource have datetime X value as null in chart has been resolved.
-`## F165435` - Chart X & Y data is now displayed in tooltip when series having single data point.
- Accumulation Chart svg width is now can be set with decimal point in "sv-SE" culture.
-`## 328354` - Chart Annotation is now rendered properly when x value is set as decimal.
-`## 328759` - Accumulation Chart legend is now rendered properly at top position without title.

##  Sparkline

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I328144` - Argument out of range exception when the data source has only one value in Sparkline has been resolved.

##  PDF Viewer

###    New Features

- `## 326021` - HyperlinkClick event must be handled to cancel the navigation or change the URL.

##  RichTextEditor

###    Bug Fixes

- `## FB25148` - The issue with "Multiple RichTextEditor switch throw's NullReferenceException" has been resolved.
- `## I328987`, `## I329455` - The issue with "Paste simple content from MSWord not working from version 19.1.63" has been resolved.

##  In-place Editor

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F165361` - The issue with "In-Place Editor value not displayed in correct format same as the format given in DateTime Picker" has been resolved.

##  Stock Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I328020` - Stock chart not rendered when using empty series collection issue has been resolved.
- `## F163500`, `## F163927` - Console error while displaying stock events with decimal values is resolved now.
- `## F164041` - Console error while choosing OHLC series in the stock chart for decimal values is resolved now.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I320380` - Improved performance of ObservableCollection bounded Grid while updating the values.
- `## I325140` - Exception thrown when open ExcelFilter dialog in a Grid bind with ExpandoObject using WebApiAdaptor and AddParams not passed while opening filterdialog is resolved.
- `## F162357` - Widths of Columns except the resized column gets adjusted to hide the white space in grid with EnablePersistence is fixed.
- `## F159271`, `## I317886` - Problem with multi-selection using Checkbox when having SelectionMode as `Both` is solved.
- `## I318841`, `I319254`, `I321079`, `I329030` - Grid persistance is not working while defining foreignkey columns in Grid is resolved.
- `## I322467` - Column visibility state is not persisted when using ColumnChooser and EnablePersistence is fixed.
- `## I316823` - Data doesn't load properly with ForeignKey column and GridPageSettings is solved.
- `## I326013` - Exception throws while defining column Width/MaxWidth as pixel is resolved.