---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 06, 2021"  version="v19.1.55" %} 


##  Scheduler

###    Bug Fixes

- `F163124` - An issue with "Null Exception occurs on save an appointment when resources dynamically changed" has been fixed.
- `F163603` - An issue with "Generating number of recurrence dates using `GetRecurrenceDates` public method" has been fixed.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I314152`, `## F163936`  - Issue with "null reference exception occurs when dynamically render the component" has been resolved.

##  MultiSelect

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I321403`  - Issue with "complex object type of value binding is not working properly" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## FB16957` - `OnRecordDoubleClick` event is not triggered on an iPad is resolved.
- `## FB22618` - `Delete` RequestType is missing in `OnActionComplete` event when deleting last record in last page is fixed.
- `## I317327` - Virtualized grid is not persisted properly is fixed.
- `## FB22838` - Applied BaseUri as BaseAddress from httpclient.
- `## F162574` - Column Reorder is not working properly when headercell is clicked before dragging is solved.
- `## F159979` - Modified the Grid contextmenu item naming for Update action.
- `## F162009` - Exception throws on excel exporting in grouped grid when Group caption template is defined in grid is resolved.
- `## I312244` - Problem with customizing operators for Date, DateTime, Number column in `OnActionBegin` event is fixed.
- `## I317367`, `## I316697` - Misalignment occurs when rendering Grid with a hidden column and EnableVirtualMaskRow is solved.
- `## F161603`, `## I316573` - CustomAdaptor `Read/ReadAsync` method is triggered twice when opening a Excel Filter is resolved.
- `## F162718` - GroupExpandAll is not working in grouped virtual grid is fixed.
- `## I314277` - Problem with filtering enum typed complex field column is solved.
- `## FB21719` - Need to display the ForeignKeyValue in group caption when foreign key column is grouped is resolved.
- `## I315090` - Need to handle `AllowSearching`(false) property for foreignkey column and corresponding f-key search req should not be processed is solved.

###    New Features

- `## I314477` - Provided Support to define GridEvents programatically using Grid reference.

##  Document Editor

###    Bug Fixes

- `F164187` - Resolved `null` reference exception.
- `F164080` - Resolved layouting issue while hiding toolbar.
