---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor 2021 volume 2 SP  Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor 2021 volume 2 SP Release Notes    
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="August 11, 2021"  version="v19.2.55" %} 


## Tree Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#I337036` - Issue with expand/collapse icons not appearing at random has been resolved.
- `#I331973` - Reordering position works properly while performing Indent/Outdent actions in TreeGrid with ExpandStateMapping.

## Kanban

### New Features

- `I329802`, `I330162`, `F165887` – Support was provided to rearrange the swimlane rows using `SwimlaneSorting` event.

## In-place Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I337793` - The issue with "Validation is not performed properly, while using enter key to save the value in SfInPlaceEditor" has been fixed.

## MaskedTextBox

### Bug Fixes

- `#F166843`, `#I337959` - Issue with "`keydown` and `keyup` events are not fired in the masked textbox component" has been resolved.

## ComboBox

### Bug Fixes

- `#FB27007` - Issue with "fixed group header is not removed in popup while filtering the value from the input" has been resolved.

- `#I336647` - Issue with "selected value is removed from input while selecting the filtering item in the popup" has been resolved.

## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes

- `#I335274`  - Issue with "null reference exception occurs while binding the enum type `DataSource` to the component" has been resolved.

- `#I336293` - Issue with "enable persistence is not working in the dropdown list component" has been resolved.

- `#FB27007` - Issue with "fixed group header is not removed in popup while filtering the value from the input" has been resolved.

## DateRangePicker

### Bug Fixes

- `#I335559` - Issue with "current date value is not updated to the calendars while selecting the start date on the left calendar" has been resolved.

## DateTimePicker

### Bug Fixes

- `#I338394` - Issue with "console error throws while opening the date and time popup in the mobile mode" has been resolved.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#I328600` - Problem with removing checkbox selection on clear filtering is fixed.
- `#F165993` - Search operation in `Excel/Checkbox` filter with FilterItemTemplate is not working for integer column is resolved.
- `#I338376` - Issue occur while inserting multiple records `batch` simultaneously in Grid is solved.
- `#I335281` - Exception throw while searching the boolean values in `checkbox/Excel` filtering is fixed.
- `#I335721` - Need to do horizontal scroll when the column is reordered outside the viewport is resolved.
- `#I333788` - Problem with editing when don't have parameterless constructor in DynamicObject is fixed.
- `#I335260` - Problem with updating GUID field values in grid is resolved.
- `#I330767` - CustomDataSource is not applied to pdf exporting when the grid is filtered is solved.
- `#F166039`, `#F166201` - Problem with custom datasource exporting when bind data using `SfDataManager` to Grid is resolved.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#I336440` - Now the member filtering can be applied properly with virtualization feature.
- `#F167427` - Even though there are multiple pivot tables on the same page, the value sorting can now be properly applied to each one.

## Chart

### Bug Fixes

- `#F164030` - Stacked chart is now rendering fine with DateTime axis.

## Barcode

### Breaking Changes

The following deprecated API’s are removed from SfDataMatrixGenerator, SfBarcodeGenerator, SfQRCodeGenerator.
+ ID
+ EnablePersistence
+ EnableRtl
+ Locale
+ Mode

## Sparkline Chart

### Breaking Changes

- When the Sparkline component is placed inside another component, such as the Grid, the tooltip is cropped. To avoid this, we now use the SfTooltip component in Sparkline instead of the SVG tooltip. The SfTooltip style is applied by including the following CSS in the header tag.

```html
<head>
    ...
    ...
   <link href="https://cdn.syncfusion.com/blazor/release_version/styles/bootstrap4.css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
```

## Scheduler

### Bug Fixes

- `#F163124`, `#F167276` - An issue with "Null Exception occurs on save an appointment when resource dynamically changed" has been fixed.
- `#F167601` - An issue with "Schedule not displaying appointments when defined in OnInitialized" has been fixed.
- `#I336793` - An issue with "Type `long` is not working for resource id" has been fixed.
- `#I334555` - An issue with "Year view is not displayed while navigating with `OnRenderCell` event" has been fixed.

## Toolbar

### Bug Fixes

- `#I331481` - An issue with "Toolbar overflow popup items is not displayed correctly" has been fixed.

## Visual Studio Extensions

### New Features

- Provided the Blazor template studio, code generator, scaffolding, and conversion and migration support for Visual Studio 2022.

## DocIO

### Bug Fixes

- `#I331426` - Text form field is now preserved properly while replacing the text of text form field.
- `#I330485` - Ole object is now preserved properly while saving the DOCX format document.
- `#I327263` - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `RejectChanges()` method.
- `#I333912`, `I334480`, `#FB26557` - IF field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.
- `#I333832` - Comment is now parsed properly while opening the RTF format document.
- `#I334851` - Comment is now parsed properly while opening the DOC format document.
- `#I335253` - The **ArgumentNullException** will no longer be thrown while opening the DOCX format document.
- `#I334753` - The **InvalidOperationException** will no longer be thrown while converting the DOCX format document to HTML.
- `#I335094` - Hanging issue has been resolved while calling `AcceptChanges()` method.
- `#I334644` - Bookmark content is now replaced properly while calling `ReplaceBookmarkContent()` method.
- `#I336519` - Image is now preserved properly while resaving the DOCX format document.
- `#FB26691` - List numbering is now preserved properly while merging the Word documents.
- `#FB26614` - Date field is now updated properly while calling `UpdateDocumentFields()` method.

## Presentation

### Bug Fixes

- `#I331919` - The **IndexOutOfRangeException** will no longer be thrown while opening the PowerPoint presentation with empty VML shape.
- `#I336115` - The **NullReferenceException** will no longer be thrown while cloning the PowerPoint presentation with table.

## XlsIO

### Bug Fixes

* \#I330055 - Formula with negative values are now handled properly.
* \#I332467 - Binary records parsing is now correct while opening an XLSB document.
* \#I333060 - File corruption while creating pivot table containing row fields with mixed values is now resolved.
* \#I333270 - Pivot table values field position is now preserved properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#I332751 - Pivot cache fields with empty values are now handled properly while resaving the Excel document.
* \#FB26790 - Option button check state is now updated properly for different linked cell.
* \#FB26791 - XmlException thrown while setting value in option button linked cell is now resolved.
* \#I334495, \#I335887 - Chart data labels with manual layout are now preserved properly.
* Shape text color is now rendered properly when the black and white PageSetup setting is enabled.
* Text box with picture and texture fill is now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Hyperlink default color is now correct while creating the hyperlink. 
* Shape borders are now proper while resaving the Excel document.
* Pivot table data field base field number format is now proper.
* Checkbox with dotted-round border style is now preserved properly while creating the Excel document.
* RichText is now applied properly in shape text while dong AddCopy of Excel worksheet.
* Font name and size of comment shape text are proper while creating the Excel document.