---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="July 27, 2021"  version="v19.2.49" %} 


## Tooltip

### Bug Fixes

- `#I303620` - Issue with "Tooltip content is not updated while hovering over the target quickly" has been resolved.

## TreeMap

### Bug Fixes

- `#F167180` - Templated tooltip in TreeMap getting cropped to window has been resolved.

## AutoComplete

### Bug Fixes

- `#I337002` -  Issue with "typed text value is removed while pressing the single backspace on the keyboard" has been resolved.

## Maps

### Bug Fixes

- `#F167207` - Tooltip template will now be rendered for the marker template.

## Circular Gauge

### Bug Fixes

- `#F167441` - When the page is navigated before the Circular Gauge is completely rendered, no exception will be thrown.

## Pivot Table 

### Bug Fixes

- `#I326322`, `#I327854` - The issue with repeated data occurring in the drill through grid while scrolling has been fixed.
- `#I334116` - The issue with dropping date fields in the value axis causing an exception has been resolved.

### New Features

- `#I331129` - Support provided to access raw data information in `CellSelected` event.

## Gantt Chart

### Bug Fixes

- `#F26852` - Issue with "Gridlines not rendered properly while performing expand and collapse action" has been fixed.
- `#F26961` - Issue while mapping toptier and bottomtier in years and months has been fixed.
- `#I336180` - Issue with Gantt as "Exception thrown when Add new task through context menu" has been fixed.
- `#I334053` - Args.cancle not cancelling current process issue has been fixed.
- `#I335237` - The BatchUpdate method is called before the OnActionBegin event when CRUD operations are performed in CustomAdaptor issue has been fixed.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#F166037` - Grid content gets hidden after unselecting all the columns in column chooser and clicking the cancel button is resolved.
- `#F164654`, `#I335123` - Improved the resizing performance in Blazor Grid.
- `#I327412` - Unable to navigate to next cell on selecting a date in date picker and then pressing the tab key is fixed.
- `#I333091` - GetSelectedRecords does not work properly with SelectAll check box and PersistSelection is solved.
- `#Feedback-26406` - HeadertextAlign propety is not working in Blazor Grid is resolved.
- `#I328829` - Exception thrown in wasm on editing a cell using Enter, when calling `UpdateCell` inside `CellSaved` event is fixed.
- `#I324875` - Grid header is not rendered when isFrozen defined columns are set using Columns property is solved.
- `#I323740`, `#F165866` - Exception occur in Grid when restoring the Grid state stored in database is resolved.