---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="January 07, 2020"  version="v17.4.42" %} 

## AutoComplete

### Bug Fixes

- `#257804, #256698` – Issue with "`NoRecordsTemplate` is not displayed when the filtering the data" has been resolved.

## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes

- `#259789` – Issue with "floating label not working properly while applying the material outline theme" has been resolved.
- `#11031, #10992` - Issue with "two-way binding value property not updated properly while change the value to another component" has been resolved.

## DataManager

### Bug Fixes

- `#F149930` - DataManager offline mode is now working properly.
- `#F148942` - Additional Parameters values is now sent to server during CRUD operation request.
- `#258307` - Expand property is now added to the Query class while invoking from client side.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#259736` - Searching not working when grid renders with command column is now resolved.
- `#F150298` - CheckBox filtering is not working properly when filtering multiple values is now resolved.
- `#F150186` - Column reordering is now working properly.
- `#259208` - `ReadAsync` method triggers multiple times when using multiple queries is now resolved.
- `#259420`, `#259735` ,- Printing or Exporting the grouped grid is now working properly.
- `#F150153` - `CssClass` property in Grid `CommandButtonOptions` is now working properly.
- `#258671` - Unable to apply custom style by using `AddStyle` property has been fixed.
- `#I257640`- Script error thrown while binding array of string values to `DropDownList` in `EditTemplate` has been fixed.
- `#256592` - Unable to search properly when `GridSearchSettings` is defined to search specific columns has been fixed.
- `#259270` - Column chooser is now working properly when using `GridEditSettings` and `ActionComplete` event.

## Maps

### Bug Fixes

- `#259054` - Zooming in the maps control will work properly now, when the `zoomFactor` is set below the `minZoom` value.

## Treemap

### Bug Fixes

- `#259027` - The observable collection data source can now be updated dynamically in the Treemap control.

## Chips

### Bug Fixes

- `#256994` - The issue with aria-selected value maintenance in a single selection has been fixed.

## Diagram

### Breaking Changes

- The following API’s are modified as `Observable collection` instead of tag helpers:
    - `Nodes`, `Connectors`, and `Layers` property of the diagram.
    - `Annotation` collection for node diagram node and diagram connector.
    - `Ports` collection property of the diagram node.
    - `Gradient` property of the DiagramNode’s style property.
- Type of the Node’s Shape property is commonly named as `DiagramShape` instead of different shape type.
- Type of the Connector’s Shape property is commonly named as `ConnectorShape` instead of different shape type.

### New Features

- Enabled the following `interaction` supports for diagram:
    - Drag
    - Resize
    - Rotate
    - Segment editing and endpoint dragging
    - Drag and drop
    - Zooming and panning
- Provided the support to populate the diagram elements using `data source`.
- Provided the different `layout` and its customization support.
- Enabled the `clipboard` functionalities.
- Enabled the `undo and redo` support.
- Enabled the `serialization` support for diagram.
- Enabled the `context menu` options for diagram elements.
- Provided the `HTML template` for nodes and annotations.
- Enabled `user handles` for diagram elements.
- Provided the `tooltip` support for diagram elements.
- Enabled the different types of diagram and native events.

## Schedule

### Bug Fixes

- `#258931` - The issue with providing remote data to resource datasource has been fixed.
- `#150188` - The issue with resizing of appointments when `OnResizeStart` event is initialized has been fixed.
- Unable to select the cells when selection is over the appointments has been fixed.
