---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="December 24, 2019"  version="v17.4.40" %} 

# Common

> * Syncfusion Blazor components are now production ready.
> * Starting with version 17.4.0.39 (2019 Volume 4), you need to include a valid license key (either paid or trial key) within your applications. Please refer to this [help topic](https://help.syncfusion.com/common/essential-studio/licensing/license-key#blazor) for more information.

# DropDownList

### Bug Fixes

- `#150098` – Console log is removed from the DropDownList component.

# DatePicker

### Bug Fixes

- `#258650` - Now, you can change the day of week using `FirstDayOfWeek` property.
- `#258651` - Now, Date Value changed while click the `today` button.

# TextBox

### Bug Fixes

- `#F150082` - The `MultiLineTextbox` not rendering new line correctly issue has been resolved.

# TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes

- `#258883` - Dialog Template is working properly.

# Pivot Table

### New Features

- `#257812` - Now you can customize the grid columns by code-behind through `DrillThrough` event.

# Maps

### Bug Fixes

- `#257540`, `#258288` - Load event is triggering properly now in Blazor maps.

# Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#258932` - Disable `Html` encode support has been added.
- `#243576` - `ExpandoObject` data binding support has been added.
- `#258582` - `AddParams` with null value is now working properly.
- `#258671` - Unable to apply custom style using `AddStyle` property has been fixed.
- `#257716`, `#257507` - `HeaderTemplate` with `DataAnnotations` is now working properly.
- `#F149808`, `#257556` - `QueryCellInfo` event to a `CustomFormat` column is now working properly.
- `#F149665` - Stacked header grid is now displayed properly after selecting a row.
- `#254151` - Template is now rendering properly when "Created" event is configured.
- `WebApiAdaptor` with relative URL is now working properly for `CRUD` operation.
- Sorting in descending order is now working properly in remote data.
- Foreign key column with null value record in data source has been fixed.
- Grouping is now working for remote data binding.
- `UrlAdaptor` data source is now properly bound to the grid.