---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="October 27, 2020"  version="v18.3.44" %} 


##  Common

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 298844`, `## 299068`, `## 298572`, `## 298560`, `## F158913` - NullException is occured when sample hosted in azure has been resolved.

##  Tree Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F157562` - Expand/Collapse works fine after filtering the records while using Custom Adaptor.
- `## 295660` - Updating the properties of `TreeGridColumn` dynamically works fine.
- `## F158817` - Navigating between the pages containing TreeGrid and refreshing the browser works fine in WebAssembly application.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 297768` - Issue with "cascading `DropDownList` component data is not updated property while filtering enabled" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 298224` - AutoFitColumns method not working when invoked in databound event is fixed.
- `## 295804` - `AllowNextRowEdit` not working properly when we set first column as primary key and its visibility as false is resolved.
- `## 294455` - Unable to add values for a column if its previous columns has Allowadding as false is solved.
- `## 293633` - Pressing tab in a batch edit Grid with one column crashes the application is resolved.
- `## 291380` - RTL is not working properly in Grid is fixed.
- `## F158889`, `## 297692`, `## 299033` - Exception throws while defining Custom toolbar items in Grid is resolved.
- `## 290849` - Problem with searching guid values in Checkbox Filter Dialog in a Grid with OData is solved.
- `## 293680`, `## 298153` - Provided option to prevent Data Annotation Validation and inject custom validator component in Grid.

###    New Features

- `## 286834` - Improvements for ClearSorting and SortColumn method is solved.
- `## 256592`, `## F150189`, `## 255905`, `## F153169`, `## 294179`, `## 294625`, `## 296489` - Provided search support for foreignkey column in Blazor Grid.
- `## 282635` - Provided support in Grid to respond for `ObservableCollection` events.

##  Dialog

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 295687` - The issue with “The Resizable element which is removed when dialogs are nested” has been resolved.
- `## 297315` - The issue with “The Dialog width as 100% with resizing on horizontal direction is not working properly” has been resolved.

##  Toast

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 295258` - The issue with “Toast elements are  not destroyed properly while page navigation” has been resolved.
- `## 298313` - The issue with “Initially close icon is not visible” has been resolved.

##  RichTextEditor

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 298945` - The issue with "Form post action performing while clicking on insert image dialog browse button" has been resolved.

##  Schedule

###    New Features

- `## 296823`- Support provided to add the custom attributes to the events element through `EventRendered` event.

##  TreeView

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 295449` - The issue with "The Data returned as null in NodeExpanding event of the TreeView component" has been resolved.

- `## 298137` - The issue with the TreeView rendering while declaring the data source as Observable collection has been resolved.

- `F158771` - The issue with "The TreeView is not refreshed when updating the collection value of the TreeView component" has been resolved.

- `F158909` - The issue with "The Checkbox support is not properly working when binding the Node Checking event" has been resolved

###    New Features

- `## 299204`, `## 298719` - Provided support to change the values dynamically in the data source instead of AddNodes or RemoveNodes method