---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="November 24, 2020"  version="v18.3.51" %} 


##  Common

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 295436`, `F159096` - Issue with `Enum datatype DisplayName attributes return Null Value` has been resolved.

##  DropDownList

###    New Features

-  Now, you can bind the object type of value to the component.

```csharp

<SfDropDownList TValue="Countries" TItem="Countries" @bind-Value="@ddlValue" Placeholder="Select a country" DataSource="@Country">
    <DropDownListFieldSettings Text="Name" Value="Code"></DropDownListFieldSettings>
</SfDropDownList>

@code {

    private Countries ddlValue { get; set; }
    public class Countries
    {
        public string Name { get; set; }

        public string Code { get; set; }
    }
    private List<Countries> Country = new List<Countries>
    {
        new Countries() { Name = "Australia", Code = "AU" },
        new Countries() { Name = "Bermuda", Code = "BM" },
        new Countries() { Name = "Canada", Code = "CA" }
    };
    protected override void OnInitialized()
    {
        ddlValue = Country[1];
    }
}
```

##  ComboBox

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 302218` - Issue with "home and end key is not navigated properly" has been resolved.

##  DatePicker

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F159758`- Issue with "error class is not added properly while typing the invalid date value on the input" has been resolved.

##  Tree Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 301744` - Adding a new record with `NewRowPosition` as `Child` without selecting any records works fine.
- `## 303936` - Binding the `DataSource` as an Observable Collection of ExpandoObject works fine.

##  Accordion

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 304204`, `F159834` - Issue with `Expanding an item when Accordion loads with DataSource property` has been fixed.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F158639` - Disabling `ShowFilterBarStatus` property still shows the filter message in Pager is fixed.
- `## 300539` - `SelectRows` method is not working properly with DetailTemplate in expanded state is resolved.
- `## 298656` - Problem with Excel Exporting with header when having Stacked header Columns in Grid is fixed.
- `## F158110` - Exception occur while grouping a column after resizing it in grid is solved.
- `## 292628` - Exception occurs when opening the Excel Filter dialog second time after filtering ForeignKeyColumn is fixed.
- `## 299374` - Exception throws on searching in ExcelFiltering when column format is `dd.MM.yyyy` is resolved.
- `## 299170` - $search query string is not encoded while searching in ODataV4 adaptor is solved.
- `## 299330`, `## 299953` - Problem in Excel exporting Grid with Remote data foreignkey column is fixed.
- `## 299292`, `## 299533` - Toggle functionality does not work when select using programmatic way is solved.

 ##  Scheduler

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 302309` - An issue with close button type in more indicator popup has been fixed.
- `## 296823` - Issue with drag and drop shared events from one resource to another resource has been fixed.
- `## 303940` - Issue with Disable delete popup for specific events has been fixed.