---
title: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
description: Essential Studio for Blazor Weekly Nuget Release Release Notes  
platform: Blazor
documentation: ug
---

# Essential Studio for Blazor  Release Notes  

{% include release-info.html date="April 20, 2021"  version="v19.1.57" %} 


##  RichTextEditor

###    New Features

- `## I272291`, `## I276852`, `## I278184`, `## I282338`, `## I287638`, `## I299029` - The Rich Text Editor Base64 image handling performance has been improved.

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F164263` - Provided the support for argument 'ClosedBy' as 'Outside Click', when clicked outside of the Dialog.

##  DropDownList

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F164598`, `## F164614` - Issue with "form validation returns the wrong value for IsModified field" has been resolved.

##  DateTimePicker 

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I323891` - Issue with "the `ValueChange` event is not invoked while selecting the item in the time popup" has been resolved.

##  TimePicker 

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I323380` - Issue with "24 hours format is not working while binding TimeSpan data type to the `Value` property of the component" has been resolved.

##  Grid

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I317845` - Customizing Filteroperator in `ActionBegin` event not working for enum columns is resolved.
- `## FB22081` - Filtering not cleared on clicking cancel icon in FilterBarCell when filtering in immediate mode is resolved.
- `## F164470` - Problem with grouping action after dynamically enabled AllowGrouping property is solved.
- `## F162822`, `## I323740` - Issues with Grid Filtering and State maintainence is fixed.
- `## F161949` - Excel filter dialog is partially hidden in mobile view is resolved.
- `## I323583` - Batch changes are not available in `BeforebatchSaveEventArgs` of OnBatchSave event is fixed.
- `## I323677` - Horizontal and Vertical scrollbars not visible with FrozenColumns is solved.


###    New Features

- `## F157852` - Added support to use `Named/Typed` HttpClient.
- `## I307549`, `## F164168` - Need to pass entire aggregate value on footer is resolved.

##  Gantt Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## I323754` - Created and Load events not firing issue has been fixed.
- `## I323033` - Complete events not firing issue has been fixed.
- `## I323755` - e-row-expand and e-row-collapse properties not updated properly issue has been fixed.

##  Document Editor

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F164499` - Custom toolbar items id is now returned properly in client event.
- `## F163188` - Highlight color is now applied properly.

##  Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 322989` - Chart renders fine when the errorbar is enabled. 
- `## 322846` - AccumulationChart renders fine with specific data points.
- `## 318669` - Chart height is working when set in percentage.
- `## 322762`, `## 322725` - Now Chart does resize when used refresh method.
- `## 310984` - Trendline type of moving average causes exception has been resolved.
- `## 309477` -  Chart mousemove throws console error for double type with string values has been resolved.
- `## 321439` - Exception throws while providing pointColorMapping for empty chart has been resolved.
- `## F164030` - While using date time with milliseconds in date time axis console error is thrown has been resolved.
- `## F163925` - Console error thrown while navigating before accumulation chart renders has been resolved.

##  Stock Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## F163014`, `## 320141` - Console error throws while resizing the stock chart has been resolved. 
- `## F164041` - Console error throws while rendering stockchart in 19.1.0.54 and range navigator not displayed has been resolved.

##  Bullet Chart

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 323674` - Color mapping range span of the Bullet Chart was rendered inappropriately when setting the minimum value, has been resolved.
- `## F163897` - Shows inappropriate tooltip value when Bullet Chart with large data source, has been resolved.

##  Visual Studio Extensions

###    Bug Fixes

- `## 324048` - Fixed the Syncfusion Scaffolding command-line performing issue in Web Assembly with ASP.NET Core hosted application.

